[Music]
that's right stupa friends I have one
last score to settle with my former
business associate first Joker
what's wrong Joker I don't hear you
laughing and why would I
there is nothing funny about being stuck
with you no no no no no no this can't be
happening your lab accidents I guess you
two agree sharing a prison cell huh
[Music]
gossip jail two-face will think I'm
stealing a she dick Arkham Asylum isn't
an option you go where I go Lexi no I'm
the one in charge here looks like you
had a lab accident your pants just told
no we're bald so okay we make a pretty
good team and Luthor and Joker joked I
don't suppose you're ready to sign on as
an honorary super friend
[Music]
I'd invite you along Robin but someone
has to watch the Batcave while I'm
taking meetings at the Hall of Justice
yes cyborg you did a fine job today
oh come on old chum why do I feel like
we're still stuck at the kids table
only till we get enough experience to
form our own super team I follow you
lead I don't know I don't have
superpowers
dude be super thankful you'll be busy
helping Superman with something heavy
liftin right about now the case you
didn't notice there's a whole lot of
stuff that needs to be put back where it
belongs
[Music]
[Applause]
Batman it's the bat-signal but I guess
you wouldn't know that I was so busy
being on the lookout I forgot to Robin
follow your lead